I love riddles!
I love nothing.
I hate everything.
What's cholesterol?
You had me at meat tornado.
I change my locks every 16 days.
There is only one bad word: taxes.
If it doesn’t have meat, it’s a snack.
Breakfast food can serve many purposes.
When I eat, it is the food that is scared.
Don't waste energy moving unless necessary.
I leave no meat behind. It’s an honor thing.
Keep your tears in your eyes where they belong.
I like saying ‘No,’ it lowers their enthusiasm.
I wanna punch you in the face so bad right now.
I'll take that steak to go. Please and thank you.
We have one activity planned: not getting killed.
Honor: if you need it defined, you don't have it.
Cultivating a manly musk puts opponent on notice.
Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
Barbecues should be about one thing: good shared meat.
First rule. No conversation lasts longer than 100 total words.
Are you going to tell a man that he can't fart in his own car?
If there were more food and fewer people, this would be a perfect party.
Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga, except I still get to kill something.
I believe luck is a concept invented by the weak to explain their failures.
Veganism is the sad result of a morally corrupt mind. Reconsider your life.
Shorts over six inches are capri pants, shorts under six inches are European.
My son is several weeks old. He is very familiar with the sound of power tools.
Every two weeks I need to sand down my toe nails. They're too strong for clippers.
The three most useless jobs in the world in order are: lawyer, congressman, and doctor.
I like some changes. Like when I change a tree into a canoe, or a wife into an ex-wife.
One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn't deserve it.
Say what you want about organized religion, but those bastards knew how to construct an edifice.
There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that's lying about being milk.
In my opinion, not enough people have looked their dinner in the eyes and considered the circle of life.
My first ex-wife’s name is Tammy. My second ex-wife’s name is Tammy. My Mom’s name is Tamara…she goes by Tammy.
[On bowling] Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
An hour ago a giant fireball consumed my entire face and it was far preferable to spending another second with you.
Once a year, every branch of this government meets in a room and announces what they intend to waste taxpayer money on.
I've cried twice in my life. Once when I was seven and hit by a school bus. And then again when I heard that Li'l Sebastian has passed.
On my deathbed, my final wish is to have my ex-wives rush to my side so I can use my dying breath to tell them both to go to hell one last time.
An ideal night out, to me, is stepping onto my porch area and grilling up a thick slab of something’s flesh and then popping in a highlight real from the WNBA.
My only official recommendations are US Army-issued mustache trimmers, Morton's Salt, and the C.R. Lawrence Fein two inch axe-style scraper oscillating knife blade.
On nights like this when the cold winds blow, the air is awash in the swirling eddies of our dream, come with me and find safe haven in a warm bathtub full of my jazz.
I've never been hungover. After I've had too much whiskey, I cook myself a large flank steak, pan fried and salted butter. I eat that, put on a pair of wet socks and go to sleep.
I call this turf ‘n’ turf. It's a 16 oz T-bone and a 24 oz porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American.
When I'm done eating a Mulligan's meal, for weeks afterwards, there are flecks of meat in my mustache. And I refuse to clean it because every now and then a piece of meat will fall into my mouth.
The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you light an ex-wife effigy.
The less I know about other people's affairs, the happier I am. I'm not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes.
